[singing in Japanese]
[narrator] As apprentice
crew members of the Nautilus,
our heroes began a new life
under the waves.
However,
transition to the nautical role
was not without
some unsavory complications.
Grandis pursued Nemo.
Everyone pursued King,
and Jean sought the scientific
knowledge he craved
yet the secret of Blue Water
remains hidden.
-[suspenseful music playing]
-[beeping]
[Hanson] The machines on
this ship are simply amazing!
Look how fast this thing
cuts through steel!
Sanson, come look at this.
Please don't bother me.
[yawns]
Say, how long have
we been aboard this ship anyway?
Hard to say.
You could figure
it out by counting up
the number of meals we've had
and dividing by three.
No, no. The fish
is what's killing me.
Fish for breakfast, fish
for lunch, more fish for dinner.
Every day, it's the same thing
over and over.
Grab your plate and eat fish,
fish, fish, fish, fish, fish!
Overall, I have to say
I'm a bit tired of fish.
But cooking has really
brightened Ms. Grandis' mood.
And Ms. Electra's
pretty nice, too.
[chuckles]
[screams]
Yes. And then
there's Ms. Granva. Yes.
[humming]
Don't just stand there!
Put on something
beautiful, Nadia.
But I don't...
Oh, just put on the dress.
That uncomely
ensemble you've put together
does nothing to accentuate
your womanly charms,
but please hurry up.
We can't be late getting Captain
Nemo my lovingly prepared meal.
Just a bit longer, My Sweet.
Soon, you will be
drinking my charm
and feasting on
my devoted love for you.
[sighs]
Now hurry into that dress!
[Grandis] Eat it while it's hot.
Tonight, I have prepared
something especially for you,
Captain.
Well, thank you, Ms. Granva.
Yes. Thank you very much.
Hmm. Hmm. Hmm.
Is it to your liking, Captain?
[Nemo] Hmm, it's delicious.
Oh, I am so delighted.
[Electra] Hmm.
[Marie] Hmm.
[Nadia] I made
something special for you, King.
Hmm. [chuckles]
So, do you like it?
Grandis cut one of
her old dresses down to my size.
[King assents]
Oh, you look so pretty!
[chuckles] Thank you, Marie.
Well, what do you think?
Hmm?
Don't mind if I do?
You're terrible!
Oh, sorry!
I have horrible manners.
Marie is always
pointing that out.
[chuckles]
I see you've found time
to visit with Ms. Electra.
Jean, you make me sick!
What is she mad about?
Women are strange
and she's the strangest.
Hmm.
-I can't stand it anymore!
-Huh?
Huh?
This mess
is going on far enough.
Every day we eat fish, fish,
and more fish.
I can't stand looking
at it [indistinct] any longer.
The sight of
fish fills me with rage.
And it's not just the food.
What good is wearing a nice new
suit when you can't show it off?
Now, I want a big juicy steak
and I want authentic!
And I would love nothing more
than a juicy steak
or a nice lamb chop,
but where do
you expect me to find those
-on a bloody submarine?
-Now, now, Ms. Granva.
When you've lived
your whole life on land,
it's hard to give up
the comforts
you've grown accustomed to.
That will cause you to get angry
until you've gotten used
to our way of life here.
[clears throat]
I'm afraid our cook is right.
You and your men are going
to have to adapt to our ways
just as the entire crew
has adapted, Ms. Granva.
Well, thanks for the advice,
but I'm quite content here.
And I'm more than happy to
eat fish every day, Ms. Electra.
-Bah.
-I, myself, would enjoy
a more varied menu, but
we all have our burdens to bear.
[gasps] Just what
did you mean by that?
That sounds like
a crack about my cooking!
[gasps] Oh, dear.
I certainly didn't mean
to imply anything like that.
[clears throat]
Captain Nemo?
-Have you finished, sir?
-Hmm?
I've had enough.
Oh, wait, but you haven't even
touched your dessert, Captain.
No, thank you, Ms. Granva.
All right. Hmm.
But this is my
special dessert. [sobs]
Sanson, this is all your fault
for opening your big,
yapping mouth!
But I was just trying to
honestly express my opinion.
I didn't know
you hated fish so much.
Well then eat this!
[cook] Oh, dear, no, please.
Put down the knife.
You don't know
what you're doing.
[Sanson] Ms. Granva, no!
[Grandis] How does it taste?
[Sanson] No. You know what,
I'm sorry!
[Electra] Stop it!
I demand that you stop it
this instant, both of you!
[indistinct chatter]
I'll take my meals in
my room from now on.
[Nemo] You're
worried, aren't you?
[gasps] No.
The ship is functioning well.
I was referring to our guests.
[gasps]
Oh, they just need time to
get used to life onboard, sir.
Hmm.
If there's no sign
of Gargoyle today,
we'll dock for a hunting
expedition tomorrow.
I will go as well.
Good idea, sir.
Hmm.
Hmm? Anything else?
Um, no. Nothing more.
Really? You mean we're actually
going to set foot on dry land?
Yes.
Yee-haw!
[cheerful music playing]
[Electra] Power
down all engines.
Prepare to drop anchor.
[helmsman] Anchors are down.
-Ship is secure.
-Very good.
All hands, prepare to
disembark immediately.
[water splashing]
[laughs]
Here we go. Yaha!
I sure wish Ms.
Electra were coming.
-[indistinct chatter]
-[Jean] Wow.
They're leaving already!
We had better hurry up, Nadia.
But why?
Wouldn't you rather just sit
in a dark library
with Ms. Electra
and all her books all day?
Uh, I wasn't planning on it.
That's a surprise
to us, isn't it, King?
[King assents]
Hmm.
-[man] Yeah.
-[woman] Hi.
I really had no idea
that there was so many crew
members living onboard.
I know. We don't
see anyone normally.
[Jean] They obviously all come
from many different countries.
[Nadia] It's a wonder that so
many people from different races
can live
peacefully together like this.
[Nemo] You've discovered
the secret of my utopia.
[Jean] Captain Nemo!
Each individual has a different
way of viewing the world
and each other.
Sometimes this leads to fear of
anything
that is different from
themselves,
and fear
usually turns to hatred.
That's why my crew is different
from the rest of humanity.
We are all
committed to a common purpose.
A common purpose?
To defend the world
from the Neo-Atlanteans.
Perhaps I have said too much.
Will you allow me
to take you ashore?
Yes!
♪ The Secret Blue Water
[indistinct chatter]
[wood banging]
Um, pardon me, Ms. Granva,
could you help us here?
I wasn't brought
up to do menial labor.
Why I've never lifted anything
heavier than a silver tea
service.
-Hmm?
-Oh.
-Huh?
[Marie laughing]
Yay. He's coming.
He's coming to see me.
What should I do first?
Oh, perhaps he'll want to take
a romantic
moonlight walk with me tonight.
Ooh!
You know, nothing's scarier
than Grandis in love.
Do you think
he'll bring Ms. Electra?
[birds squawking]
You know, young people today
have no modesty anymore.
Nothing's more frightening
than a woman in love, correct?
But I think even the captain
has to enjoy it
when an attractive
lady dotes on him.
Hmm, she acts
pretty deranged sometimes,
but you definitely have a point
about the way she looks.
She's a walking
hourglass. [chuckles]
And she does a pretty good job
in the kitchen, too.
If you don't mind
the way the food looks.
[both laughs]
I tell you, if
I was 10 years younger,
better make
that 20 years younger,
I'd probably chase
them after all myself.
The captain went ashore.
You think that means
he's starting to take some
special interest in her?
Now, those two
would make a strange couple.
[Electra] Oh, I shall
be going to shore as well.
-Hmm?
-The ship is in your hands!
[door opens and closes]
Boy, that was
harder than I thought.
Yeah.
She wouldn't take a break if
Captain Nemo commanded her to.
But it won't do her any good
to sit and hide her feelings
from the Captain
for the rest of her life.
She could stand to learn that
from Ms. Granva.
[giggles] This is
a special occasion
so it calls for
special decorations.
He won't be able to resist it.
This should allow
our romance to blossom.
Of course at first,
I'll have to play hard to get.
Oh, yes.
So, it's open season on Nemo.
Hmm.
[Jean] Hey, what are
you looking at?
[screams]
Shh!
I'm having
private adult time here.
Hmm?
[gasps]
I didn't know.
[screams]
Sanson, you are dead.
-Oh, my, what a shot.
-Yes, it was.
[indistinct chatter]
Just a little farther, King.
[Grandis] [clears throat]
Could I have everyone's
attention, please?
Where can I find the Captain?
Uh, I can't seem
to remember just now.
[Electra] Ms. Granva,
Captain Nemo has gone off
to survey the island.
Hmm. I thought you were supposed
to remain on board.
My place is with my
fellow crew members.
Hmm, how disappointing.
Well, I guess
I'll just have to wait
to show him my bathing clothes.
You might just want to consider
wearing a warmer outfit.
At your age,
you could catch a cold.
What was that you said?
You better watch yourself!
You think you're smart?
I happen to be in my 20's.
Maybe so, but you must be
on the far side of them.
Well, that's
none of your business.
And just how old are you?
Oh, I am still looking forward
to my 20's, ma'am.
Hmm.
Oh, they can't count
where you're from, can they?
Hmm? What did you say?
-Want to take a walk?
-Yes.
Oh, this sand is really hot.
I had no idea that walking
along the beach
could be so delightful.
Hmm, yes. It's a nice break
from the steel submarine decks.
Oh, look, Jean. Aren't
these seashells beautiful?
[Jean] Uh-hmm.
That one is especially lovely.
[indistinct chatter]
This is
a gorgeous view, isn't it?
Hmm?
Captain, if my heart could be
a seagull
drifting lightly on
the sea wind,
would yours be
my ocean? Would it?
I want to tell you something.
I've been meaning to say this
for a long time.
Yes?
-[Electra] Pardon me, Captain.
-Hmm?
I brought
you the data you requested.
Oh, dear, am
I interrupting something?
Yes, of course you are.
What was that you wanted
to say, Captain?
We'll talk
again at a later time.
-Let me see the data.
-[Electra] Yes, sir.
I was just about to return
to the Nautilus, sir.
[Nemo] You must. One of us needs
to be on board at all times.
[Electra] Yes, of course, sir.
[Nemo] Oh, yes. Ms. Granva.
Yes?
You may want to
wear something warmer.
You could catch a cold in that.
[whimpers]
[waves crashing]
All right now.
Today, we hunt
for meat, meat, meat.
And then we hunt for meat.
That's all. Without
further delay, let's hunt!
Let's hunt!
Come back safely.
We're going to
bring back lots of food.
-Bye!
Marie, where's Jean going now?
-Hunting.
-Hunting?
[birds squawking]
Hmm, it just
needs to cook a bit more.
I didn't know that you could
be so gentle, Ms. Granva.
Well, my refined upbringing
left me with many benefits.
You could have heard them
as well
instead of learning acrobatics.
I wasn't as lucky as you were.
Oh, the memories.
Everyone used to call me
la Mademoiselle Jolie.
Oh, yes.
The Granva family had made its
fortune in the diamond mines.
I was their only
daughter and heir.
When I was young, my
mother fell ill and passed away.
She left behind happy memories
and so many jewels.
Oh, my father,
how he doted on me.
I was his world.
I never wanted for his love.
I was not without
fine clothes either.
Everything was simply marvelous.
I grew to
womanhood in a happy home.
Oh, I went to my first dance
when I was 16.
That night, I met the most
handsome man I have ever seen.
He was an elegant gentleman
from a noble family.
It was love at first sight.
We announced our engagement
despite father's disapproval.
Well.
-So then what happened next?
-Tell us next.
Well, I should have
listened to my father.
That charming cad
was merely a swindler.
There was no
nobility in his heritage.
He had enchanted me
only so he could get within
arm's reach of father's money.
As my dowry, father agreed to
take care of my fiance's debts,
which was enormous as his charm.
We lost much of our fortune
to his creditors,
and he simply
stole everything else.
He betrayed my
love, and I lost my home.
Aw.
Well, what happened next?
All my lovely friends vanished.
No one wanted a damaged woman.
Only two remained faithful,
our chauffeurs Sanson
and our mechanic Hanson.
We sustained ourselves
by selling off mother's jewels
piece by piece.
Before long
her jewelry box was empty,
and I even ended up
having to sell that for food.
But those men never abandoned me
and I'm so grateful for that.
Watching my
mother's wonderful legacy
slip through my
fingers marked me forever.
I became obsessed with jewels.
I would do anything
to have them,
though stealing was
our preferred method.
I vowed never to rest until
I had every jewel in the world.
Don't worry, dear.
I have lost the burning desire
to possess your precious
Blue Water.
-[Nadia] When?
-When I discovered
the finest jewel of all,
Captain Nemo.
He is the diamond of the sea
and a true man among men.
You grasp the Blue Water
with such ferocity,
but you don't grasp
your most precious gift.
Huh?
Surely you can see
how much Jean cares for you,
yet you refuse to treat him
as well as that lifeless rock.
Jean and I are
merely good friends.
I understand that you may feel
that way now.
But one day, you will
feel differently towards him.
We are not meant to live alone
in this world, Nadia.
-[gunshot]
-[screams]
Show yourself!
The hunt is over.
I'm glad it's only you. You
scared us out of our wits, Jean.
[laughter]
[Jean] We had a great hunt!
Welcome back from the forest.
And he's the best of it.
[Grandis] Don't be such a brute.
Really.
Though I am
proud of you, Sanson.
It will make a tasty meal.
Miss, he was incredible.
He brought
it down with a single shot.
I told you I was a regular
artiste with a rifle.
So, shall we feast on
venison filets for our supper?
[Nadia] How can you be so proud?
Huh?
It's just a baby.
Doesn't a sight of it make
you ashamed for yourselves?
I can't believe
I ever trusted any of you.
Wait, Nadia.
Why is she mad at us?
No one will ever
understand women.
Uh-hmm.
Nobody tries to understand
what I say to them.
None of them want to hear me.
No, get away from me.
Go away!
I've lived alone all my life
and I can keep living alone.
I was meant to be that way.
I'm so sorry,
King, please forgive me.
[purrs]
[sniffles]
I couldn't bear to be so lonely.
Huh?
There's something here,
something I don't wanna see.
[singing in Japanese]